Release AWS 12.5.2 (#499)
giantswarm/releases: aws/v12.5.2/README.md

# :zap: Giant Swarm Release v12.5.2 for AWS :zap:

> This release fixes an issue that crashing app-operator when handling cluster deletion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release fixes an issue that causes app-operator to crash when handling cluster deletion.
```
